0.0.9 (#67)
MetaMask/snaps-skunkworks: packages/controllers/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.0.9]
### Added

> - reset plugins running state in PluginController `persist` ([#64](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps-skunkworks/pull/64))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PluginController`: Always persist plugin `isRunning` state as `false` ([#64](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps-skunkworks/pull/64))
  - Plugins are not automatically running on boot, and we should never persist this state as `true`.
```

### Changed

> - @metamask/controllers@15.0.0 ([#66](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps-skunkworks/pull/66))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING:** `@metamask/controllers@15.0.0` ([#66](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps-skunkworks/pull/66))
  - This may cause incompatibilities with other versions of the `@metamask/controllers` package.
```
